com/owncloud/android/lib/resources/files/CopyRemoteFileOperation.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.resources.files.CopyRemoteFileOperation
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/network/NetworkUtils.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.network.NetworkUtils
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/operations/OnRemoteOperationListener.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.operations.OnRemoteOperationListener
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/OwnCloudClientFactory.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.OwnCloudClientFactory
com/owncloud/android/lib/resources/files/chunks/MoveRemoteChunksFileOperation.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.resources.files.chunks.MoveRemoteChunksFileOperation
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/network/OnDatatransferProgressListener.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.network.OnDatatransferProgressListener
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/operations/OperationCancelledException.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.operations.OperationCancelledException
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/authentication/OwnCloudBearerCredentials.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.authentication.OwnCloudBearerCredentials
com/owncloud/android/lib/resources/files/FileUtils.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.resources.files.FileUtils
com/owncloud/android/lib/resources/files/ReadRemoteFolderOperation.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.resources.files.ReadRemoteFolderOperation
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/authentication/OwnCloudCredentials.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.authentication.OwnCloudCredentials
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/operations/InvalidCharacterExceptionParser.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.operations.InvalidCharacterExceptionParser
com/owncloud/android/lib/resources/files/RemoveRemoteFileOperation.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.resources.files.RemoveRemoteFileOperation
com/owncloud/android/lib/resources/shares/GetRemoteShareOperation.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.resources.shares.GetRemoteShareOperation
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/http/TLSSocketFactory.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.http.TLSSocketFactory
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/OwnCloudClient.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.OwnCloudClient
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/network/CertificateCombinedException.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.network.CertificateCombinedException
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/OwnCloudAccount.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.OwnCloudAccount
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/utils/RandomUtils.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.utils.RandomUtils
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/operations/RemoteOperation.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.operations.RemoteOperation
com/owncloud/android/lib/resources/files/RenameRemoteFileOperation.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.resources.files.RenameRemoteFileOperation
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/accounts/AccountUtils.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.accounts.AccountUtils
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.accounts.AccountUtils$AccountNotFoundException
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.accounts.AccountUtils$Constants
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/operations/ErrorMessageParser.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.operations.ErrorMessageParser
com/owncloud/android/lib/resources/files/MoveRemoteFileOperation.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.resources.files.MoveRemoteFileOperation
com/owncloud/android/lib/BuildConfig.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.BuildConfig
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/network/ChunkFromFileRequestBody.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.network.ChunkFromFileRequestBody
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/http/HttpConstants.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.http.HttpConstants
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/authentication/OwnCloudBasicCredentials.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.authentication.OwnCloudBasicCredentials
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/network/AdvancedX509TrustManager.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.network.AdvancedX509TrustManager
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/network/RedirectionPath.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.network.RedirectionPath
com/owncloud/android/lib/resources/files/chunks/RemoveRemoteChunksFolderOperation.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.resources.files.chunks.RemoveRemoteChunksFolderOperation
com/owncloud/android/lib/resources/shares/ShareUtils.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.resources.shares.ShareUtils
com/owncloud/android/lib/resources/files/chunks/CreateRemoteChunkFolderOperation.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.resources.files.chunks.CreateRemoteChunkFolderOperation
com/owncloud/android/lib/resources/files/DownloadRemoteFileOperation.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.resources.files.DownloadRemoteFileOperation
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/accounts/AccountTypeUtils.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.accounts.AccountTypeUtils
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/operations/RemoteOperationResult.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.operations.RemoteOperationResult
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.operations.RemoteOperationResult$ResultCode
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/SingleSessionManager.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.SingleSessionManager
com/owncloud/android/lib/resources/files/CreateRemoteFolderOperation.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.resources.files.CreateRemoteFolderOperation
com/owncloud/android/lib/resources/files/UploadRemoteFileOperation.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.resources.files.UploadRemoteFileOperation
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/http/HttpClient.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.http.HttpClient
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/authentication/OwnCloudCredentialsFactory.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.authentication.OwnCloudCredentialsFactory
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.authentication.OwnCloudCredentialsFactory$OwnCloudAnonymousCredentials
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/network/ProgressiveDataTransferer.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.network.ProgressiveDataTransferer
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/network/WebdavUtils.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.network.WebdavUtils
com/owncloud/android/lib/resources/files/chunks/ChunkedUploadRemoteFileOperation.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.resources.files.chunks.ChunkedUploadRemoteFileOperation
com/owncloud/android/lib/resources/files/ReadRemoteFileOperation.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.resources.files.ReadRemoteFileOperation
com/owncloud/android/lib/resources/files/RemoteFile.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.resources.files.RemoteFile
 com.owncloud.android.lib.resources.files.RemoteFile$1
com/owncloud/android/lib/common/network/FileRequestBody.java
 com.owncloud.android.lib.common.network.FileRequestBody
